---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: UI Basics Technical Essay
date: 2021-09-14
labels:
  - Essay
  - MIS
  - WODs
---
I believe that many people were confused when they first started doing it. When I just started working on BrowserHistory1, I didn't notice that I have to record a video. Also, I still wonder why the countdown is necessary. After I followed the instructions halfway, I found the demonstration video by the professor. I followed the demonstration video to finish it step by step. During this period, I found out that I had to record the process of doing it because I thought it was not important, so I ignored it. Later, after I submitted the URL of Github to Laulima, I found that there was a box to fill in the URL of the screencast. I realized the importance of the screencast, and then I turned on the screen recording system of Window and found that it would automatically pause the screen recording. I immediately downloaded the Active Presenter screencast software, and then I started a countdown, trying to control the DNF time within 15 minutes. When I first recorded the video, I was a little nervous. As a result, I made multiple input errors and prolonged the time. Later, the stop time was about 17 minutes, and it does not meet my expectations, so I deleted the first version and tried to record it again. Fortunately, the second time I completed it in only 12 minutes. When I thought everything was going well, I found that I could not export the video from the Active Presenter. In desperation, I had no choice but to restart the screen recording system of Window and use it to record the content recorded by the Active Presenter. After exporting the video, I plan to upload the video to my YouTube channel on my school email account, and then found that it cannot use YouTube, so I can only upload the video to my personal YouTube channel. When doing BrowserHistory2 and 3, I used the skills and same strategies I learned from BrowserHistory1. The most interesting thing is that I improved my skills and learned how to export videos from the Active Presenter.
My suggestion is to read the instructions carefully, or you will be like me, missing important information and wasting your time. You should try to download some screen recording software and make sure it is exported for free. I think the timer is much more convenient than the countdown because when you pause the countdown, you have to calculate how long you spent in total. However, the timer directly shows the time you spent (My own opinion). Try to do it at least 2 times, so that you can find out your problem and find a solution. After trying 3 times, I believe that you can basically operate very proficiently. If the DNF time is not within your expected range, you should try again and strive to meet your expected range.
